README.md, before:

# Unified Authentication Service

Passwordless authentication service built with Spring Boot 3.5, PostgreSQL, Flyway, JWT, and OpenFeign.

## Requirements

- JDK 17
- Maven 3.9+
- PostgreSQL 14+

## Configure

Update `src/main/resources/application.properties` or set environment variables:

- `spring.datasource.url`
- `spring.datasource.username`
- `spring.datasource.password`
- `jwt.secret` (must be a long random string)
- `jwt.access-ttl` (ISO-8601 duration, e.g. `PT15M`)
- `jwt.refresh-ttl` (ISO-8601 duration, e.g. `P30D`)
- `otp.ttl` (ISO-8601 duration, e.g. `PT5M`)

## Local development

```bash
cd /path/to/UnifiedAuthenticationService
docker compose up -d
mvn spring-boot:run
docker compose logs -f
docker compose down
```

Spring Boot uses the credentials from `application.properties`: `jdbc:postgresql://localhost:5432/unified_auth` with `auth_user` / `auth_password`.

## Sample flow

Start login with email:

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:8080/api/v1/auth/start \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{"email":"user@example.com"}'
```

Check the service logs for the OTP code, then verify:

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:8080/api/v1/auth/verify \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{"challengeId":"<uuid>","code":"123456"}'
```

Refresh tokens:

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:8080/api/v1/auth/refresh \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{"refreshToken":"<token>"}'
```

Get current user:

```bash
curl -X GET http://localhost:8080/api/v1/me \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer <accessToken>"
```

Link another identifier:

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:8080/api/v1/me/identifiers/start \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer <accessToken>" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{"phoneNumber":"+77001234567"}'
```

Then verify it:

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:8080/api/v1/me/identifiers/verify \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer <accessToken>" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{"challengeId":"<uuid>","code":"123456"}'
```

Commit message:

Use Postgres 15 for local Flyway support

README.md, after:

# Unified Authentication Service

Passwordless authentication service built with Spring Boot 3.5, PostgreSQL, Flyway, JWT, and OpenFeign.

## Requirements

- JDK 17
- Maven 3.9+
- PostgreSQL 14+

## Configure

Update `src/main/resources/application.properties` or set environment variables:

- `spring.datasource.url`
- `spring.datasource.username`
- `spring.datasource.password`
- `jwt.secret` (must be a long random string)
- `jwt.access-ttl` (ISO-8601 duration, e.g. `PT15M`)
- `jwt.refresh-ttl` (ISO-8601 duration, e.g. `P30D`)
- `otp.ttl` (ISO-8601 duration, e.g. `PT5M`)

## Local development

Flyway in this project does not support PostgreSQL 16.x for local development. Use PostgreSQL 15 via Docker Compose. If you previously ran Postgres 16 locally, reset the container and volume:

```bash
docker compose down -v
docker compose up -d
```

```bash
cd /path/to/UnifiedAuthenticationService
docker compose up -d
mvn spring-boot:run
docker compose logs -f
docker compose down
```

Spring Boot uses the credentials from `application.properties`: `jdbc:postgresql://localhost:5432/unified_auth` with `auth_user` / `auth_password`.

## Sample flow

Start login with email:

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:8080/api/v1/auth/start \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{"email":"user@example.com"}'
```

Check the service logs for the OTP code, then verify:

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:8080/api/v1/auth/verify \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{"challengeId":"<uuid>","code":"123456"}'
```

Refresh tokens:

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:8080/api/v1/auth/refresh \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{"refreshToken":"<token>"}'
```

Get current user:

```bash
curl -X GET http://localhost:8080/api/v1/me \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer <accessToken>"
```

Link another identifier:

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:8080/api/v1/me/identifiers/start \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer <accessToken>" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{"phoneNumber":"+77001234567"}'
```

Then verify it:

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:8080/api/v1/me/identifiers/verify \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer <accessToken>" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{"challengeId":"<uuid>","code":"123456"}'
```
